Hello Mr. Zhu Dong
I am a contestant
Play well
Mr. Zhu, then we won't disturb you. It's time to go on stage.
Here we go.
Please invite us to the most important wedding ceremony tonight
Guest Chinese Orchestra Travel Diva Chen Yang
Ask your white contestant, you choose yourself.
I'm not behind Zilong of the Chinese Orchestra either
And you are not only old but also not famous
May I ask why you don't choose you when you become an adult?
Music is not separate
Oops, what do you mean?
As an unknown person
Someone who can't even meet the standards of a third-rate singer
Is a talented and capable
With Chen Tianhou's strength
At the scene
Choose any player who is better than you
What a trash player
You deserve to sing with my Muse too
That's right, what rubbish rubbed my Muse heat
Withdraw now Withdraw Withdraw Withdraw Withdraw Withdraw Withdraw
Still, still, still, still.
I'm singing today